Movie fan
Why are you such a fan?
Mr. Gu has something to do when he goes out
Please wait here.
Then pour me a cup of tea
Can you make tea?
Soak me in the freshly boiled water
Ah!
You bitch is going to burn me to death, right?
Li Ming, you are finally here.
How come?
I just asked him to pour me a cup of tea
Who knew he couldn't even hold a cup?
Ah!
Is that so?
Of course it is.
Li Ming is a hairy person like this
Don't stay by your side
Fortunately, today is me
If it were someone else
It's not good if it affects the company
I keep him around for the time being
If you want to hire someone, just tell me.
I'll ask my dad to arrange it for you.
Will be much more useful than him
Okay.
Why did you come to see me today?
My father in a previous life
He said that sooner or later we would manage the family business together
Why don't I come and learn from you now?
Do you know that he is relieved again?
I'll ask Fang Qun to arrange it for you.
Then let's go eat.
I recently discovered a particularly delicious restaurant
Come on.
Secretary Li
This is scalding medicine
Ah, thank you.
You don't need to thank me.
This is Mr. Gu who asked me to send it to Mr. Gu